 
# Final Project Hypothesis and Plan. 
# At this time I do not have a clear final project plan. I have a few ideas: 


# Ideas: 

# 1. Predict Summer Olympic 2016 overall Country winners\
# I want to look at past preformances of countries and athletes participating in Olympics games and predict the top three medal winners  
# I want to try to use data from the country like number of Athletes, GDP, Past performances, olympic trials data, Olympic stats. 
# do not know where the  data will come from
# No way to test/ validate if it works during the timefram of the class. 
#  Dataset http://knoema.com/atlas/topics/Rio-2016/datasets


# 2. Travel - I would like to make a "Where should I travel next?" Decision Tree (?)  
# Essentially I want to take information on current travel information and suggest a destication to plan to travel to next. It would be a lot of aggregating information from multiple sources into one place. For the purpose of this project I would keep the possible destination suggetsions to a small group.   
#   Data would come from prices of flights, hotels/lodging and daily travel costs in destination cities. 
#   Crime rates for the city. (Government data) 
# If I can do that go into more possible information ssuch as:
#       Number of activities, types of ativities, food, weather, culture
#       Travel Advisories (Government Data)a
#       Social media imput What place is "hot" now - Instgram geotags, twitter mentions, Facebook, snapchat? 
# Inputs from user could be costs, distance, dates desired, type of vacation (active, relaxing, hot, cold, foreign, domestic). 
# I am choosing this becuase my friends and I are currently trying to decide where to go on a trip.  



# 3. Epidemiology / Biostatistics
# A look at HIV/AIDS 
# epidemiology model of the spread of the disease in the past 
# cluster at risk groups 
# try to rate tactics that have/have not worked to stop the spread of the HIV. 
# data would come from CDC or http://caps.ucsf.edu/resources/datasets